Update cumulative-metrics.md (#6316)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/cumulative-metrics.md

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.9">

> | Parameter   | <div style="width:350px">Description</div>    | Type      |

Author: ```suggestion
| Parameter   | <div style={{width:'350px'}}>Description</div>   | Type      |
```

> | Parameter   | <div style={{width:'350px'}}>Description</div>   | Type      |

Reviewer: With tables like this we commonly have a separate field for the `type`, `Required?` and an `example` so it doesn't get lost in the description (see [example here](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-amazon-athena) ).

Type should be `string/boolean/integer` rather than `optional/required` for example

It might be beneficial to do that here

Author: i did try that months ago but the table looked weird bc the parameter column is a bit long. i can open up an issue to address that for all the metrics and semantic model tables to look into this further.

Author: issue created here: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues/6320

|-------------|---------------------------------------------------|-----------|
| `name`  | The name of the metric.       | Required  |
| `description`       | The description of the metric.     | Optional  |
| `type`    | The type of the metric (cumulative, derived, ratio, or simple).       | Required  |
| `label`     | Required string that defines the display value in downstream tools. Accepts plain text, spaces, and quotes (such as `orders_total` or `"orders_total"`).  | Required  |
| `type_params`    | The type parameters of the metric. Supports nested parameters indicated by the double colon, such as `type_params::measure`.  | Required  |
| `type_params::measure`   | The measure associated with the metric. Supports both shorthand (string) and object syntax. The shorthand is used if only the name is needed, while the object syntax allows specifying additional attributes. | Required  |
| `measure::name`    | The name of the measure being referenced. Required if using object syntax for `type_params::measure`.  | Optional  |

> | `measure::fill_nulls_with`     | Sets a value (e.g., zero) to replace nulls in the metric definition.    | Optional  |

Reviewer: Is this a string value(zero) or should it be an integer (0)?
```suggestion
| `measure::fill_nulls_with`     | Sets a value (for example, zero) to replace nulls in the metric definition.    | Optional  |
```

Author: yea it's integer. i'll update to 0

| `measure::join_to_timespine` | Boolean indicating if the aggregated measure should be joined to the time spine table to fill in missing dates. Default is `false`. | Optional  |

> | `type_params::cumulative_type_params`     | Allows configuration of attributes like `window`, `period_agg`, and `grain_to_date` for cumulative metrics. | Optional  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type_params::cumulative_type_params`     | Configures the attributes like `window`, `period_agg`, and `grain_to_date` for cumulative metrics. | Optional  |
```

> | `cumulative_type_params::window`      | Specifies the accumulation window, such as 1 month, 7 days, or 1 year. Cannot be used with `grain_to_date`.   | Optional  |

Reviewer: We should highlight the examples here in the format they would be entered and highlight with a `code block`.
Same as the above feedback, this would benefit from having a separate example field.

Author: will address in [issue](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues/6320) created

Reviewer: Are the examples above in the proper format thought? We could quickly do this as a placeholder
```suggestion
| `cumulative_type_params::window`      | Specifies the accumulation window, such as `1 month`, `7 days`, or `1 year`. Cannot be used with `grain_to_date`.   | Optional  |
```

> | `cumulative_type_params::window`      | Specifies the accumulation window, such as `1 month`, `7 days`, or `1 year`. Cannot be used with `grain_to_date`.   | Optional  |

Author: added the backticks here @matthewshaver

| `window` | The accumulation window, such as 1 month, 7 days, 1 year. This can't be used with `grain_to_date`. | Optional  |
| `grain_to_date` | Sets the accumulation grain, such as `month`, which will accumulate data for one month and then restart at the beginning of the next. This can't be used with `window`. | Optional |
| `type_params::measure` | A list of measure inputs | Required |
| `measure:name` | The name of the measure being referenced. Required if using object syntax for `type_params::measure`.  | Optional  |
| `measure:fill_nulls_with` | Set the value in your metric definition instead of null (such as zero).| Optional |
| `measure:join_to_timespine` | Boolean that indicates if the aggregated measure should be joined to the time spine table to fill in missing dates. Default `false`. | Optional |

</VersionBlock>

<Expandable alt_header="Explanation of type_params::measure">
  

> When reading about `type_params::measure`, you may notice there are different ways of writing it:

Reviewer: Reading where? We should link to the doc
```suggestion
When reading about `type_params::measure`, you may notice there are different ways of writing it:
```

> When reading about `type_params::measure`, you may notice there are different ways of writing it:

Reviewer: Reading where? We should link to the doc. If we're referencing something here in this block, maybe something like this

```suggestion
The`type_params::measure` configuration can be written in different ways:
```

Author: yes in the doc overall!

- Shorthand syntax &mdash;  To only specify the name of the measure, use a simple string value. This is a shorthand approach when no other attributes are required.
  ```yaml
  type_params:
    measure: revenue
  ```

> - Object syntax &mdash; To add more details or attributes to the measure (such as adding a filter, handling `null` values, or specifying whether to join to a time spine), you must use the object syntax. This allows for additional configuration beyond just the measure's name.

Author: ```suggestion
- Object syntax &mdash; To add more details or attributes to the measure (such as adding a filter, handling `null` values, or specifying whether to join to a time spine), you need to use the object syntax. This allows for additional configuration beyond just the measure's name.
```
